oh good at if you're a Game of Thrones
fan you know by now that sir Barristan
Selmy has definitely been killed off in
season 5 episode 4 the game of thrones
youtube channel uploaded a preview for
next week's episode in which the opening
shot was sell means dead body and the
actor has confirmed it in an interview
also I'm quite pissed off to give his
character a bit more depth I thought I
would read a passage from tonight's book
of choice a dance with dragons by george
RR martin in this particular passage sir
Barristan explains to Danny how he fled
King's Landing went across the Narrow
Sea and eventually came to serve her
it's about our story I'll let it speak
for itself but Danny asks asked
Barristan what went down in the throne
room what Joffrey said what he said back
what did you say the truth but the truth
was never welcome at that Court I walked
from the throne room with my head high
though I did not know where I was going
I had no home but white sword tower my
cousin's would find a place for me at
harvest hall I knew but I had no wish to
bring Joffrey's displeasure down upon
them I was gathering my things when it
came to me that I had brought this on
myself by taking Roberts pardon he was a
good knight but a bad King for he had no
right to the throne he sat that was when
I knew that to redeem myself I must find
the true king and serve him loyally with
all this strength that still remained me
my brother Viserys such was my intent
when I reached the stables the gold
cloaks tried to seize me Joffrey had
offered me a tower to die in but I had
spurned his gift so now he wanted to
offer me a dungeon the commander of the
city watch himself confronted me
emboldened by my empty scabbard but he
had only three men with him and I still
had my knife i slashed one man's face
open when he laid his hands upon me and
rode through the others as I spurred for
the gates I heard Janos Slynt shouting
for them to go after me once outside the
red keep the streets were congested else
I might have gotten away clean instead
they caught me at the river gate the
gold cloaks who had pursued me from the
castle shouted for those at the gate to
stop me
so they crossed their spears to bar my
way and you without your sword how did
you get past them a true knight is worth
10 Guardsmen the men at the gate were
taken by surprise I rode one down
wrenched away his spear and drove it
through the throat of my closest pursuer
the other broke off once I was through
the gate so I spurred my horse to a
gallop and rode hell-bent along the
river until the city was lost to sight
behind me that night I traded my horse
for a handful of pennies and some rags
and the next morning I join in the
stream of small folk making their way to
King's Landing I'd gone out the mud
gates who I returned through the gate of
the gods with dirt on my face stubble on
my cheeks and no weapon but a wooden
staff in rough spun clothes and
mud-caked boots I was just one more old
man fleeing the war the gold plates took
a stag from me and waved me through
King's Landing was crowded with small
folk who'd come seeking refuge from the
fighting I lost myself amongst them I
had a little silver but I needed to pay
my passage across the Narrow Sea so I
slept in sets and alleys and took my
meals and pot shops I let my beard grow
out and cloaked myself in age the day
Lord Stark lost his head I was there
watching afterward I went into the great
Sept and thanked the seven gods that
Joffrey had stripped me of my cloak
Stark was a traitor who met a traitors
end your grace said sell me Eddard Stark
played a part in your father's fall but
he bore you no ill will when the eunuch
variance told us that you were with
child Robert wanted you killed but Lord
stark spoke against it rather than
countenance the murder of children he
told Robert to find himself another
bloody hand we'll leave it there thanks
very much for being a part of book club
and our IP sir Barristan Selmy in the TV
show